hey whats up this is jen and you're
watching TV fit TV we are here at the
wonderful rebecca health and fitness
located on chambers street in new york
city and today's episode we'll be
featuring how to burn fat and build
muscle at the same time we're going to
do my program which is the program of
super setting a push movement we're
going to have breaking in three parts
chest legs and shoulders so follow me
along and embrace bigness what this
movement is the chest and we're going to
work on incline so this is a call the
incline dumbbell chest press okay we're
going to get weight that you can find
challenging enough you want to do this
with 12 reps and three sets you're going
to lean back chest up keep your elbows
at 45 degrees i like to do that
photograph 45 instead of maggie because
it protects the shoulder chest up head
back push up come down extending the
chest and extend again breathing all at
the same time
it is far more
and that's your increments s press so
right up to that of those three sets you
move on and we're going to move on to a
machine chest fly let's go the second
chest exercise is called a chest fly
looking machine I'm gonna keep our
shoulders back back straight chest up
we're going to open the door stretching
out our pics bring it in to close the
book do 12 of these exhale coming up
blah blah come on and right away go
right into the pushup concluding the
chest circuit so you want to hand
shoulder width so there's a path past
the hands and up look it 12
and that could close our chest circuit
and now we move on to the legs follow me
too
Wow
oh come on
come on
ready 3 2 1 go okay nah inhale XM 87
I'll get it knock it out get out run it
out on three two one
desert jalapenos
ok
6 5 4 30 down slowly someone home
tensity is the key give me intensity
after the fact 3 2 1
six month for grade 2 mar 13 2015 11 10
8 7 6 5 4 3 your grade to the front door
12 ok nine eight seven six five four
three two and red sweet brown you
combine the chest workouts the leg
workouts in the shoulder workouts and
you just eliminated two weeks work up in
one week two weeks worth in one week of
work out